# Prishtina Clinic Reviews
#### Video Demo:  https://youtu.be/mmiA_46fCZM
#### Description: Allow users to create new clinics, show clinic reviews, filter clinics by name or city and provide a Q&A forum for medical purposes. There are two sections in the application, the forum section (Q&A) and the clinic section. In the clinic's section users may see the list of clinics and their details (profile, contact information, and their address and staff) without logging in. In the Q&A section, users may read and go through all the questions written by other users. The system allows users to register an account or login if they already have one. In order to be registered users may want to give basic information such as first name, last name, email address, and password. In order to log in users only need an email address and password. If successfully login, users have the ability to create a new clinic without losing the ability to search, filter for all the clinics in Kosovo. Users may update or delete their clinics as well. It is worth mentioning that one user may have multiple clinics registered. Users may also review a clinic by giving points on a scale of 1-5 and a comment for the clinic (only if the user is logged in may perform this action). The Q&A section is more like a forum where users may ask questions and get advice from other users, medical experts, or random users sharing their experiences. Users are able to update or delete a question based on how they feel. Combining these two sections (Q&A and Clinic Reviews) users are able to filter the best clinic for their treatment and ask questions-get-answers for small illnes.

#### Features: - Register users - Login users - CRUD clinics - Search clinics - View list of clinics - Display clinic reviews - Display clinic staff - Display clinic profile - CRUD a question - CRUD an answer - Logout users - Control to only comment on Questions and give Reviews the logged in users
#### Tech Stack: HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Angular (Typescript), NodeJS (Javascript)
